I also want to eliminate the logic of trigger I want all these mails to donor or to students or to 
admin are handled bby nodemailer, i dont want to use triggers anymore. plz update this code as well 
and check in all files below functionality added because in previous chat you just updated 
emailService.js file, now I have pulled the latest code from github now check below functionality 
is developed or not is not then develop it, futher Iattached payment document and donor dashobard 
pic where recent donation is still displayed as general when I make donation by browsing student 
and donate his scholarship funds. moreover I want when donor browse students when he try to make 
donation automatically donation amount will be set as according to that scholarship price amount 
but if donor wants to make donation according to his financial capacity he may change that amount, 
so we should track data of student's scholarship amount  we create two more attributes in student 
document specifically in scholarshipApplications section of student documents in each scholarship 
for which he applied attributes will be Total scholarship amount and obtained amount when both the 
values of these attributes equal then the student scholarship case fully completed and this student 
for that specific scholarship should not be displayed to donors anymore.plz analyze backend and 
frontend you see where changes needed then make changes according to my requirements. make changes 
first analysing the schema of document in images

you see the schema of payment document, now when donor donates it is saved with type general 
donation, now in every case whenever donor donates by browsing students and donor donates specific 
student scholarship then that time also that donation stores in this schema but it is concerning 
that how would admin decide which student got that donation, so now what I was thinking that if 
donor donates any eligible student then that payment stores in backend with that student id with 
student's scholarship id and when this payment happens, the scholarshipApplications section of that 
student's specific scholarship updates and in that section payment's document id and donor id also 
added and his scholarship status should change from approve to funded, moreover when student see his
 application which has status funded the details of donor displayed to him if donor do not checks 
 the option that his donation should be anonymous. moreover the donor can make general donation 
 also without donating specific scholarship or student. plz modify the code according to this logic
  I shared with you the images of current payment and student documents, donations documents are 
  being stored in payments collection and student documents in users collection.